### 1. Describe events and problems that led to the accident of Asiana Airlines flight 214.
The text highlights that the automation system wasn't on and that the pilots weren't able to handle the failure in the system, as well as the impact of the hierarchical structure of the Korean culture. A combination of all this is what caused the crash. No one turned on the autothrottle system when it was supposed to be on, the captain failed to notice the drastic drop in airspeed, and the copilots were too afraid to go against their senior, who was in the wrong.

### 2. Discuss who is to blame for the accident of Asiana Airlines flight 214 and why, the flight crew, the Asiana Airlines or Boeing?  
There are different arguments for all of them being in the wrong. The flight crew would be in the wrong because they were in charge of the airplane during the flight and were supposed ensure that everything was under control. Typically when an airline has an event, the blame also falls upon the airline, since they are the face of the event. They are also responsible for the quality control and training of the pilots, which could be lacking in this case, leading to the accident. The airplane itself is also designed in a way, that did not make it obvious to the pilots that the autothrottle system wasn't active at the time of the accident.

In my opinion the blame would mostly fall on the captain not knowing how the system works but this could be due to poor education, in which case it falls to whoever educated the captain. However, I also believe that it doesn't make sense to blame a single entity since it is so nuanced and there are no real answers without knowing every last detail of the situation. An analogy would be the failure of a rollercoaster. In this case the amusement park usually takes all the backlash and blame, but in reality it could be whoever quality controlled the cart and rails or the controller of the rollercoaster not realizing there was a critical problem before starting the ride. I see it as just an unfortunate accident, that does not have a clear culprit.

### 3. Discuss whether the accident of Asiana Airlines flight 214 can be considered “normal accident” according to Charles Perrow!
A normal accident is an accident that is bound to happen due to a flaw in system design. In this case the pilots were indeed not aware of what state the system was in. Therefore, I'd say the Charles Perrow would call it a normal accident. You could again say that the education was lacking and that the system isn't overly complicated, but if there was no easily checkable indicator of the autothrottle system being disabled, I would call it a design flaw.