## 1. Auyang argues that engineering has both physical and human dimensions, “bringing nature and humanity together” (p. 2). Discuss shortly what this means and describe one or two examples of human dimensions that you learned about in the lecture or in your engineering studies.
Auyang divides engineering/production into two parts: research and development, as well as industry and business. The physical or "natural" dimension of engineering refers to the challenges of the creation of something using the laws of nature. The human dimension is about serving human needs and increasing the comfort of living and the challenges of convincing others that your product can do that.
An example of this can be seen in the previous course "Computer Engineering Project II" where we had to develop a light guide system for elders/nursing home patients. The product had to be technically correct, but it also had to take into account the human dimension of sleeping schedules, lack of technical knowledge and so on, which would normally have to be worked out by communicating back and forth with the client of the product. 
Building upon this another human element is the economics of engineering. Engineering needs funding, but when the product is made it should also be affordable for consumers, which is affected by how much humans think the product is worth but also just by limitations of the market, such as semiconductor prices.

## 2. Discuss arguments why contemporary engineering is considered a scientific discipline. Consider major arguments in the lecture. Are there counterarguments?
The lecture and the text argues that engineering follows the same rigorous processes and uses the same tools as natural scientists when they do research. This has led to the technoscience term in the contemporary view of engineering and science. In modern times natural science can only be conducted with enough funding and funding only comes from investors that see financial gain in the science. Thus natural scientists are also bound by the human dimension which engineering is, and research can no longer only be motivated by curiosity alone.
A counterargument to these similarities between science and engineering is that natural scientists, though motivated by capital, are still looking for a truth in their research and not an end product. Furthermore, they are expected to do academic research and not cross disciplinary collaboration in developing.