Corporations are inherently capitalistic in nature since they can only stay in business if they can somehow turn a profit on their product. There are of course non profit organizations and the likes, but they all depend on outside support such as donations from fans or sponsors. Since corporations for the most part chase a profit more than anything, sustainability is nothing but a path toward profit for them. This does not mean that the two conflict each other, rather sustainability can be leveraged as a tool which can make your corporation seem better natured and more "green" than it maybe is in actuality. You could therefore call, the idea of sustainability, a business opportunity for corporations who wants to appeal to newer generations, since they are starting to care more and more about sustainability and climate.

The downside of this is that, even though sustainability is a tool, the only source of efficacy of that tool comes from the public perception of how it is used. A corporation therefore doesn't have to actually be sustainable to reap the benefits if they are just good enough at convincing the public that they are. This leads to the concept of greenwashing, where corporations simply label their things with so much clutter that it becomes hard to discern between true and false sustainability. The only real way for consumers to trust in something is that it is labeled by a government regulated label such as the Nordic Ecolabel. The problem with this however is that it is near impossible to make everyone play by the rules. Even if everyone in Denmark might be sustainable it doesn't stop other countries from selling junk to the population since globalization of the consumer market is so widespread.

With time people might get tired of looking for sustainable brands and revert back to buying whatever, since everything is labeled sustainable anyways. It could also lead people to buy "sustainable" things, even though they weren't planning on buying that kind of product, just because it makes them feel like they are contributing to a good course. Despite the main idea being sustainable, it could therefore lead to overconsumption and more product waste, which goes directly against sustainability. 

A silver lining however is that corporations can see this oversaturation in the market as another business venture and go above and beyond to fight against it and stand out in the market. As an example Tony's Chocolonely has a very clear goal which doesn't directly fight sustainability but rather child labor and slavery. Instead of just putting a label on it and calling it a day, they base their entire brand on a message. Even though the price of their product is higher because of their mission, they are still in business because people are willing to support it. Hopefully it can serve as an example of how sustainability and ethical practices can indeed lead to both corporate success and profit but also a better world to live in.