---
~
---
The text asserts the main motivation for scientific misconduct to be money and job security. Just doing science for the sake of researching doesn't generate any money, so you would need some sort of sponsor. This sponsoring party has to have a reason to invest in your research and likely has a desired outcome of the research, meaning that the scientist has a big incentive to make the conclusion be the "right" one by whatever means necessary. Furthermore, investing in science takes time, but time is also worth money so scientists are also forced to push out more research in less time, which leads to more sloppy practices and scientific misconduct.

You could choose not to give in the pressure of the sponsors and maintain scientific integrity through and through. The risk is however that the sponsors will likely replace you with another willing researcher putting you in the difficult position where you have to find new funding elsewhere. This also risks your reputation, since other companies might see you as a potentially risky investment.

There are some organizations out there trying to catch perpetrators of scientific misconduct and hold them accountable for their misinformation. The problem is that it isn't always easy to prove misconduct since it requires the scientist to have done it with intent or gross negligence. Sometimes, such as in the case of Bjørn Lomborg, the "scientist" can also deny that the work was scientific research altogether, meaning that it shouldn't be held to the same standards as scientific research regardless of the contents of the work. 

When doing scientific research you have to follow the scientific method to make sure that the results of your research is reproducible but due to human nature, it is very possible to miss some details when describing the process which would lead to it not being reproducible. This should be caught when reading through and reviewing your work but as previously mentioned, scientists are pushed to get to publishing as soon as possible to get more research done. It doesn't mean that you have done scientific misconduct if it was an honest mistake, that you would go back on when notified, but how is this differentiated from intentional scientific misconduct. It only gets harder to differentiate when introducing collaboration into the equation. When collaborating with another researcher you would have to trust in their scientific ability, but what if they make a mistake intentionally or not. In this case who is to blame for scientific misconduct if anyone at all. The more collaborators the harder it is to pin the blame on anyone since everyone is responsible for the work, but there is no way for one person to keep track of everyone's work while also doing their own part. 