### 1. Describe the concept “surveillance capitalism” in your own words!
Surveillance capitalism is about how society no longer trades physical resources but instead personal data. Normal capitalism is about private production and adapting said production to fit the needs of the free market. In contrast, surveillance capitalism is not so much about the production but about predicting how to adapt to the market by collecting user data. Big tech companies take this user data from any source possible regardless of consent. This data is often seen more as the product for these companies than the actual thing in front of the user. This "product" is however not sold to the user but to third party advertisers.

### 2. Discuss whether and how well the concept “surveillance capitalism” fits to the stories about Google and its practices (Groups 1+2) and Amazon and its practices (Groups 3+4).
As the first article, *It’s Amazon’s world. We just live in it*, describes, Amazon has a "full suite of electronic devices". Not only does this mean that they can try to outcompete the market of each of the products in their suite, but they can also collect data from practically every aspect of your life as long as you are in their ecosystem. In the surveillance capitalism text, Shoshana Zuboff talks about the "smart-home" market with oppressive privacy and security consequences. Zuboff highlights the Google Nest in particular, but Amazon also has Alexa and even the Ring security system. Their businesses therefore allows Amazon to know exactly what you say when near Alexa and any activity that happens at your front door at any point in time. 

The worst part about Amazon is not even these services but their main business model. Both amazon texts talks about how Amazon completely outcompetes local brick-and-mortar retailers in both convenience and pricing even if their products aren't the best. The reason they are able to sell so cheap is that they have a golden goose in their cloud computing service, AWS. This service is used by countless businesses meaning that even if you are not in the Amazon ecosystem or don't know anyone in it you might still unwillingly donate data to Amazon.

Amazon has the ability to sell off this data, which they likely do, but they also use it themselves since they have their webshop service. In this webshop they can you the collected data to just put all the items you want in your front page or even better, a sponsored brand of the product you wanted so they can maximize the profits off your data. Unsurprisingly, Amazon has every to gain from the surveillance capitalism system and nothing to lose from it.